<html>
<p>The teacher understands and uses multiple methods of assessment to engage learners in their own growth, to monitor learner progress, and to guide the teacher’s and learner’s decision making.</p>
<body>
  <h4>PDFs: </h4>
  <p><a href="InTASC%206%20SLO%20Pre%20Quiz%2C%20Post%20Quiz%2C%20Quiz%20Redo.pdf">Pre and Post Assessment</a></p>
  <p><a href="InTASC%206%20LP%206-2.pdf">Lesson1: Properties of Parallelograms</a></p>
  <p><a href="G2a%20Properties%20of%20Parallelograms.pdf">Lesson 1 Powerpoint</a></p>
  <p><a href="InTASC%206%20LP%206-3.pdf">Lesson 2: Conditions of Parallelograms</a></p>
  <p><a href="G3b%20Conditions%20for%20Parallelograms%20Coordinate%20Proofs.pdf">Lesson 2 Powerpoint</a></p>
  <p><a href="InTASC%206%20LP%206-4.pdf">Lesson 3: Properties of Special Parallelograms</a></p>
  <p><a href="G2c%20after%20G3%20Properties%20of%20Special%20Parallelograms.pdf">Lesson 3 Powerpoint</a></p>
  <p><a href="InTASC%206%20LP%206-5.pdf">Lesson 4: Conditions of Special Parallelograms</a></p>
  <p><a href="Observation%20Conditions%20Special%20Parallelograms%20ppt.pdf">Lesson 4 Powerpoint</a></p>
  <p><a href="InTASC%206%20LP%206-6.pdf">Lesson 5: Kites and Trapezoids</a></p>
  <p><a href="G4a%20Properties%20of%20Kites.pdf">Lesson 5 Powerpoint</a></p>
  <p><a href="InTASC%206%20SLO%20template.pdf">SLO Analysis, Reflection, and Data Reviews</a></p>
  
  <p>Abstract: This portfolio entry is all about using assessment to adapt to the learner's needs. These lessons are about properties and conditions of different quadrilaterals, and the learning target was for at least 80% of students to grow by at least 2.5 points from the pre assessment to the post assessment. This proved difficult as the students were able to guess a few correct answers on the pre assessment thus stunting growth. However the students were successful and 83% of the two geometry classes grew by at least 2.5 points on their post assessment.</p>
  <p>Rationale: This data review includes averages of each class, Mod 1B and Mod 3B, as well as the number of students out of the total for each class that grew by 2.5 points or more. It also includes a breakdown of how each class did on specific problems, allowing me to reflect on what I should have focused on more during instruction. </p>
<h3 align="center">InTASC 6 Reflection</h3>
<p>1.	My SLO target was student scores will grow at least 2.5 points on the post assessment when compared to the pre assessment.  After examining the Posttests and Pretests, it is determined that 45 out of 54 student met this target, meaning 83% of students grew 2.5 points or more from their pre assessment to their post assessment.  This is more than the target indicated, meaning that more students than anticipated were able to apply and recognize properties of parallelograms, kites, and trapezoids and use algebra to solve for unknowns.  Specifically, 17 students were able to grow in their application of the property that parallelograms have congruent opposite angles; 23 students  were able to grow in recognizing that rectangles have congruent diagonals that bisect each other; 13 students were able to further recognize the trapezoid midsegment theorem; 29 more students were able to grow in their understanding that a square is a type of parallelogram as well as both a rhombus and a rectangle; 8 students grew in their understanding of congruent consecutive sides of a kite; and 3 more students were able to recognize that the only information one needs to prove a parallelogram is a rhombus is only that the diagonals are perpendicular. </p>
<p>2.	Did your students perform as you anticipated? If so, what fostered their success?  If not, what may have contributed to the lack of growth? 
<p>Yes my students did perform as expected.  I used a lot of team and group work where students worked together to figure out properties, conditions, and how to solve and I believe that gave students confidence and knowledge. The only lack of growth I saw on the post assessment was the recognition that in order to prove a quadrilateral that one already knows is a parallelogram, is a rhombus, one only needs that the diagonals are perpendicular (property of a rhombus).  The other answer choices were either conditions of a rectangle or properties of parallelograms.  Therefore lack of growth could be because students did not read the directions properly, or they were confused about the difference between properties of rhombi and properties of rectangles. The next lowest growth was problem 5, and this was because many students did well on this question on the pre assessment. </p></p>
<p>3.	Will you choose the same SLO next year?  Please explain why?  Why not? 
<p>I would choose this SLO next year, but with a few adaptations.  I felt that some of the problems were easy to guess how to do during the pre assessment, therefore in the future I would add application of previous knowledge by using system of equations in problem 1, further substitution in problem 2, more difficult applications in problem 3, and more difficult recognition in problem 5.  Specifically, I would use two different variables in both pairs of opposite angles of the parallelogram in problem 1, so students must figure out both variables and the measure of an angle using a system of equations.  Then for problem 2 in the future I would have students find the value of the variable by knowing that diagonals of a rectangle are congruent and bisect each other, and then apply that knowledge further by finding the length of a diagonal.  For the trapezoid midsegment theorem, instead of finding the midsegment I would give the length of it in the problem and have students find the length of one of the bases.  Problem 5 was incredibly easy to guess in the pre assessment, which contributed to a lack of growth, so in the future I would have students find the measure of one of the non-congruent angles so they need to apply their knowledge of the quadrilateral angle sum property.   These adaptations will more efficiently gauge what students are capable of applying and recognizing as well as pulling prior knowledge in order to prepare them for more advanced math courses and the SAT.  </p></p>
<p>4.	What have you learned from this experience?  How would you approach this process differently next year? 
From this SLO experience, I have learned not to underestimate my students.  At the beginning of the SLO process when I made the pre assessment, I thought if I made it too difficult I would frustrate learners and they would become unmotivated to learn.  However in reality students guessed how to solve problems and guessed correctly.  Thus although students did not know why their answer was correct, but got it right anyhow.  This stunted their growth because again although they did not know why they got it right, in terms of simple correct answers there was no room to improve.  That is how I would approach the process differently.  A pre assessment should gauge how much a student knows at the given time and still leave room for improvement.  The improvements I suggested above would require students to take what they have learned about properties of parallelograms after they have learned it and apply it to a different situation which any good assessment should do.  A professional goal in the future would be to further challenge learners to take their mistakes and improve instead of becoming frustrated like I assumed my students would.  In addition, another professional goal I would like to make would be to make the content more meaningful to my students.  The extension pieces of my lessons were mostly about coordinate geometry, but that is not as meaningful to students.  In the future I would like to find more real life examples of parallelograms, kites, and trapezoids in situations that would be relevant to my students.  That way the content is more meaningful and engaging as well.  </p></p>



  <h2 align="center">Portfolio Entries</h2>
<p align="center"><a href="https://etrumble.github.io/Emily-Trumble-Portfolio/">Introduction</a></p>
<p align="center"><a href="https://etrumble.github.io/InTASC_1/">InTASC 1</a></p>
<p align="center"><a href="https://etrumble.github.io/InTASC_2/">InTASC 2</a></p>
<p align="center"><a href="https://etrumble.github.io/InTASC_3/">InTASC 3</a></p>
<p align="center"><a href="https://etrumble.github.io/InTASC_4/">InTASC 4</a></p>
<p align="center"><a href="https://etrumble.github.io/InTASC_5/">InTASC 5</a></p>
<p align="center"><a href="https://etrumble.github.io/InTASC_6/">InTASC 6<a/></p>
<p align="center"><a href="https://etrumble.github.io/InTASC_7/">InTASC 7</a></p>
<p align="center"><a href="https://etrumble.github.io/InTASC_8/">InTASC 8</a></p>
<p align="center"><a href="https://etrumble.github.io/InTASC_9/">InTASC 9</a></p>
<p align="center"><a href="https://etrumble.github.io/InTASC_10/">InTASC 10</a></p>
<p align="center"><a href="https://etrumble.github.io/Technology_Standard/">Technology Standard</a></p>
  
